README.md, before:

# Part of the course on Hyperledger Fabric
http://www.ACloudFan.com
https://hyperledger.github.io/composer/installing/installing-prereqs#ubuntu

Vagrant commands
================
> vagrant up
> vagrant ssh
> vagrant halt
> vagrant destroy

Windows | Mac | Linux Docker
============================
+ DO NOT RUN DOCKER DAEMON on Host Machine
+ Install the Docker or Docker toolbox - Only docker client will be used
+ Make sure that following environment variables are NOT SET
  Use Control Panel on windows
  DOCKER_TLS
  DOCKER_TLS_VERIFY
+ Set the Environment following variable in Windows 
  DOCKER_HOST=tcp://localhost:2376

Install Vagrant
===============

Setup Ubuntu VM (~10 minutes first time)
========================================
+ Open a terminal window in the root of this folder
> vagrant up

Setup Vagrant Dev Environment (~5 min)
======================================
PS: If you get a permissions error, run this command
> chmod 755 ./scripts/*.sh

> Open a terminal window and cd to the root of this project
> vagrant up
> vagrant ssh
  $ ./scripts/install-prereqs.sh
// Logout of vagrant
  $ logout
> vagrant ssh
  $ ./scripts/install-fabric-tools.sh
  $ ./scripts/install-composer.sh
  

Download Fabric (~20 min)
=========================
Logout of Ubuntu
> vagrant ssh
> ./downloadFabric.sh

Validation
==========
You should be able to use the *docker* commands on your host machine
> set DOCKER_HOST=tcp://localhost:2376   
> unest DOCKER_TLS_VERIFY

> docker images    // Should not fail

Commit message:

push fix script to repository, formatted script for smallest impact

README.md, after:

# Part of the course on Hyperledger Fabric
http://www.ACloudFan.com
https://hyperledger.github.io/composer/installing/installing-prereqs#ubuntu

Vagrant commands
================
> vagrant up
> vagrant ssh
> vagrant halt
> vagrant destroy

Windows | Mac | Linux Docker
============================
+ DO NOT RUN DOCKER DAEMON on Host Machine
+ Install the Docker or Docker toolbox - Only docker client will be used
+ Make sure that following environment variables are NOT SET
  Use Control Panel on windows
  DOCKER_TLS
  DOCKER_TLS_VERIFY
+ Set the Environment following variable in Windows
  DOCKER_HOST=tcp://localhost:2376

Install Vagrant
===============

Setup Ubuntu VM (~10 minutes first time)
========================================
+ Open a terminal window in the root of this folder
> vagrant up

Setup Vagrant Dev Environment (~5 min)
======================================
PS: If you get a permissions error, run this command
> chmod 755 ./scripts/*.sh

> Open a terminal window and cd to the root of this project
> vagrant up
> vagrant ssh
  $ ./scripts/install-prereqs.sh
// Logout of vagrant
  $ logout
> vagrant ssh
  $ ./scripts/install-fabric-tools.sh
  $ ./scripts/install-composer.sh

> Note: If you are using windows and you receive an illegal character \r error when attempting to install the pre-requisites, run the following script
```
./scripts/fix-illegal-line-endings.sh
```

Download Fabric (~20 min)
=========================
Logout of Ubuntu
> vagrant ssh
> ./downloadFabric.sh

Validation
==========
You should be able to use the *docker* commands on your host machine
> set DOCKER_HOST=tcp://localhost:2376   
> unest DOCKER_TLS_VERIFY

> docker images    // Should not fail
